Document usage and development of the provider (#30)
kentik/terraform-provider-kentik-synthetics: README.md

make install
```

> ## Test

Reviewer: Please move Test and Debug chapters to be Development subchapters below. Provider will have much more users than developers, so let's keep development-related stuff at the bottom

Author: Addressed: 4b1542859c76b33c9d26e41e294fc159f9d6ef26

> ### Unit tests

Reviewer 2: I agree that we have no unit tests, but we should have them. Existing integration tests utilizing the fake (simulated?) API server are valuable, but unit tests need to be created in order to improve test code coverage. Current tests cover only the happy path. We need to test also error cases.

> ### Unit tests

Author: Addressed: 4b15428

> Unit tests run the provider against a `localhost_apiserver` that serves data read from `/synthetics/test-data.json`

Reviewer: In this repo we use `test-api-server` instead of `localhost_apiserver` name - take a look at _tools/run_test_api_server.sh_. Another good name for it is fake API server, because it fakes a Kentik API server. I think that localhost_apiserver is a bad name and we should avoid that - `localhost` is unimportant implementation detail.
Please rename within the file.

Author: Addressed: 73e1cd8b8c616b3e629ab8ddb25ad0a35ba04fc2

This allows to:
- avoid the necessity of providing valid API credentials
- avoid creating resources on remote server
- make the test results more reliable

To run unit tests:
```bash
make test
```

> This will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `make test` will:
```
Then `To run unit tests:` above can be removed. And we already have `make test` in development steps list

Author: Addressed: f1232530a413c31d588d1b567d9b1b5e007746be

> 1. Build and run `localhost_apiserver` that is a stub for kentik apiv6 server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build and run `test-api-server` that is a fake for Kentik API v6 server
```
I could be over the line here, but "fake" is more precise, because the server has internal state and responses aren't "stubbed". If one updates the internal state, server returns other responses.

Reviewer 2: I'd formulate it like this:

1. Build and run `test-api-server` which emulates Kentik API v6 by returning static preconfigured responses

Author: Addressed: f1232530a413c31d588d1b567d9b1b5e007746be

}
```

or environment variables:

```bash
export KTAPI_AUTH_EMAIL="john@acme.com"
export KTAPI_AUTH_TOKEN="token123"
export KTAPI_URL="http://localhost:8080" # custom apiserver
```

2. Invoke:

```bash
terraform init
terraform apply
```

## Development

> 

Reviewer: I think it's time to remove `### Development state` chapter, since acceptance tests will probably not be implemented in the near future and rest is done

Reviewer 2: Agreed. I actually prefer to not have this section at all.

Author: Addressed: 2f731aa50d3f62d52c77554608a7a730bb8f6007
